Correct and compact service container doc (#1635)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/releases/ez_platform_v3.0_deprecations.md

## Field Types

> The following tags used to register Field Type features in the [service container](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/latest/guide/api/public_php_api.md#service-container) have been renamed:

Reviewer: Broken link

Author: This link and the others will be fixed when this PR is merged (because the `releases` section uses absolute links, they only work after merging).

The `ezstudio.installer.studio_installer` service has been renamed to the FQCN-named
service `EzSystems\EzPlatformEnterpriseEditionInstallerBundle\Installer\Installer`.

> Deprecated `ezplatform.ee.installer.class` [service container](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/latest/guide/api/public_php_api.md#service-container) parameter has been removed.

Reviewer: Broken link

#### AbstractController

> The `eZ\Bundle\EzPublishCoreBundle\Controller` now extends `Symfony\Bundle\FrameworkBundle\Controller\AbstractController` instead of `Symfony\Bundle\FrameworkBundle\Controller\Controller` which has limited access to the [service container](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/latest/guide/api/public_php_api.md#service-container).

Reviewer 2: In Ibexa 4.x it is now:
```suggestion
The `Ibexa\Bundle\Core\Controller` now extends `Symfony\Bundle\FrameworkBundle\Controller\AbstractController` instead of `Symfony\Bundle\FrameworkBundle\Controller\Controller` which has limited access to the [service container](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/latest/guide/api/public_php_api.md#service-container).
```

> The `eZ\Bundle\EzPublishCoreBundle\Controller` now extends `Symfony\Bundle\FrameworkBundle\Controller\AbstractController` instead of `Symfony\Bundle\FrameworkBundle\Controller\Controller` which has limited access to the [service container](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/latest/guide/api/public_php_api.md#service-container).

Reviewer: Broken link

> For details, see [Service Subscribers Locators](https://symfony.com/doc/5.0/api/public_php_api.md#service-container/service_subscribers_locators.html).

Reviewer: Broken link (page not found on Symfony

### Symfony service container

> The deprecated Symfony [service container](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/latest/guide/api/public_php_api.md#service-container) parameters ending with `.class` have been removed, services relying on them now have their classes defined explicitly.

Reviewer: Broken link
